Update jdbc driver version to 42.7.3-yb-1 (#24481)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/drivers-orms/java/yugabyte-jdbc.md

| JDBC Parameter | Description | Default |
| :------------- | :---------- | :------ |
| `hostname`  | Host name of the YugabyteDB instance. You can also enter [multiple addresses](#use-multiple-addresses). | localhost |
| `port` |  Listen port for YSQL | 5433 |
| `database` | Database name | yugabyte |
| `user` | User connecting to the database | yugabyte |
| `password` | User password | yugabyte |
| `load-balance` | Enables [Uniform load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#cluster-aware-load-balancing) | false (Disabled) |
| `yb-servers-refresh-interval` | The interval in seconds to refresh the servers list; ignored if `load-balance` is false | 300 |
| `topology-keys` | Enables [Topology-aware load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#topology-aware-load-balancing). It can be set to comma-separated geo-locations in the form `cloud.region.zone:priority`. Ignored if `load-balance` is false | Empty |
| `fallback-to-topology-keys-only` | If set to true and `topology-keys` are specified, the driver only tries to connect to nodes specified in `topology-keys` | false |

> | `failed-host-reconnect-delay-secs` | When the driver is unable to connect to a node, it marks the node as 'failed' using a timestamp. When refreshing the server list via yb_servers(), if the driver sees a failed node in the response, it considers that server for new connections only if the time specified (in seconds) via this property has elapsed from the time it was last marked as failed. | 5 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `failed-host-reconnect-delay-secs` | Time, in seconds, to wait before trying to connect to failed nodes. When the driver is unable to connect to a node, it marks the node as failed using a timestamp, and ignores the node when trying new connections until this time elapses. | 5 |
```
